you
this lecture is about the link analysis
for web search in this lecture we're
going to talk about the web search and
particularly focusing on how to do link
analysis and use the results to improve
search the main topic of this lecture is
to look at the ranking algorithms for
web search in the previous lecture we
talked about how to create index now
that we have got index we want to see
how we can improve ranking of pages the
web extender the IR models can be also
acquired here in fact that they are
important the building blocks for
improving for supporting web search but
they aren't sufficient and mainly for
the following reasons first on the web
we tend to have very different
information needs for example people
might search for a web page or entry
page and this is different from the
traditional library search where people
are primarily interested in crafting
literature information so this kind of
query is often called a navigational
queries the purposes will navigate into
a particular targeted page so for such
queries we might benefit the phone using
link information secondary documents
have additional information and on the
web web pages are well format there are
a lot of other clues such as the layout
of the title or link information again
so this has provide the opportunity to
use extra context information of a
document to improve the score and
finally information quality varies a lot
so that means we have to consider many
factors to improve the ranking algorithm
this would give us a more robust way to
rank the pages making the harder for any
spammer to just manipulate one signal to
improve the range
a page so as a result people have made a
number of major extensions to the
ranking algorithms one line is to
exploit links to improve scoring and
that's the main public of the structure
people have also proposed algorithms to
exploit the large-scale implicit
available information in the form of
click throughs and that's of course in
the category of feedback techniques and
machinery is of an newest layer in
general in web search the ranking
algorithms are based on machine learning
algorithms to combine all kinds of
features many of them are based on the
standard virtual models such as BM 25
that we talked about query right hold to
score different parts of documents or to
provide additional features based on
content matching but link information is
also very useful so they provide
additional scoring signals so let's look
at links in more detail on the web so
this is a snapshot of some part of the
web and say so we can see there are many
links that link the different pages
together and in this case you can also
look at the center here there is a
description of a link that's pointing to
the document on the right side now this
description text is called anchor text
if you think about this text it's
actually quite useful because it
provides some extra description of that
page being points with you so for
example if someone wants to bookmark
amazon.com
front pages the person might say the
biggest online bookstore and then with
the link to Amazon right so the
description here actually is very
similar to what user would type in in
the query box when they are looking for
such a page and that's why it's very
useful for for ranking page
suppose someone types in the query like
online bookstore or fixed online
bookstore I the query would match this
anchor text in the page here and then
this actually provides evidence for
matching the page that's been pointed to
that is the Amazon engineer page so if
you match the anchor text that describes
a link to a page actually that provides
good evidence for the relevance of the
page being pointed to so any taxes is
very useful if you look at the bottom
part of this picture you can also see
there are some patterns of links and
these links might indicate the utility
of a document so for example on the
right side you can see this page has
received a mayday in English now that
means many other pages are pointing to
this page and this shows that this page
is quite useful on the left side you can
see this is another page that points to
many other pages so this is a directory
page that would allow you to actually
see a lot of other pages so we can call
the first case Authority page and the
second thing is a half page but this
means the link information can help into
it one is to provide extra text
formatting and the other is to provide
some additional scores for the web pages
to characterize how likely opinions are
have how likely pages are Authority so
people then of course and propose ideas
to leverages in this linking finish now
Google's PageRank that which was the
main technique that they used in early
days is a good example and that so
that's the algorithm to capture page
popularity basically to score Authority
so the intuitions here are links are
just like citations in the literature
and I think about the one page pointing
to another page this is very similar to
one paper cite in another paper so of
course then if a page is cited often
then we have seen the
Paige to be more useful in general right
so that's a very good intuition
now patron is essentially to take
advantage of this inclusion to implement
it with the principle approaching
intuitively it's essentially doing
citation counting or English counting it
just improves the simple idea in in two
ways one is it would consider
interactive citations so that means you
don't just look at the how many
England's you have you also look at that
what are those pages that are pointing
to you if those pages themselves have a
lot of English or that means a lot in
some sense you'll get some credit from
them but if those pages that are
pointing to you are not being pointed to
by other pages they themselves don't
have many England's then well you don't
get that much credit so that's the idea
of getting interactive citation all
right so you can also understand this
idea by looking at again the research
papers if you're cited by in its state n
papers and those ten papers are just
workshop papers and that are or some
papers that are not very influential
right so although you get ten in links
and that's not as good as if you have
your cited by ten papers that themselves
have attracted a lot of other citations
so in this case we would like to
consider indirect links and PageRank
that does that the other idea is it's
good to smooth citations or assume that
basically every page is having a nonzero
civil citation count essentially you're
trying to imagine there are many virtual
links leavening all the pages together
so that you actually get pseudo
citations from everyone the reason why
they want to do that is
this would allow them to solve the
problem elegantly with linear algebra
technique so I think maybe the best way
to understand the PageRank is to think
of this as to compute the probability of
a random server visiting every web page
[Music]